ARIA live,
is there any way to have a sound play?
I, there is I just don't think there's
anything that ARIA would do to help.
So I think that trying to think
of the best way to do it.
Like basically, I think you would just
have to do it with JavaScript and
with some kind of Audio API.
So you could like Listen for a change
event on the container you can make
a sound at that point which I
actually think would be really cool.
I'm pretty sure Facebook does that.
I think if you have like your sound on and
you get a notification.
I'm not sure if they do it, but for sure
like some chat applications do it where
when something comes in,
you get a notification sound.
So yeah, you there definitely is you
could set up like a watcher on that.
And then Trigger some kind of audio,
but not with the ARIA spec.
There's no way to do it with that.
Yeah, that's a really good question.
So yeah,
if you have an existing code base, yeah,
like sort of how do you get started?
What's the best practice
to get started with things?
I do think that, there's a few different
approaches, like I think that one.
And we'll get into tooling
in the next [COUGH] segment.
But for example, Chrome Dev Tools,
inside lighthouse,
there's an accessibility order.
So like one place I might get started is
just doing that order which will give you
a very high level view of
some of the bigger things.
And then turning those into tickets and
working on them.
For sure, like the question mentioned
a few specific things like looking for
ARIA tags or alt text,
or things like that.
For that I would recommend setting
up a linter for it if possible.
So like es lint has some
accessibility plugins and react, and
angular both have accessibility plugins.
So have you set that up then in your
editor as you're working on new files,
it would just flag those.
And be like, hey,
this image doesn't have all text or like,
hey this modal doesn't have,
has popped up on it.
So maybe coming at it from both of
those approaches at a basic linter and
then also maybe manually
do a lighthouse run and.
Make some tickets out of that.
And then kind of as it evolved.
I think with a lot of those things,
especially in big code bases,
like it's just not feasible to do like a
gigantic refactor of your whole code base.
So with a thing like the linter, it's only
maybe going to flag on files changed,
or whatever.
So kind of setting up a culture of like,
hey, when you're in a file,
fix any things that are there.
I'm creating new components going
forward try to adhere to these rules.
So, yeah I think those would be two
kind of good approaches for it.
There's depending on your company and
their budget.
There's like really nice resources that
I'll link to in a little bit that do
accessibility audits for you.
They'll give you like a big spreadsheet of
all the things, but I think starting out
the lighthouse running a linter
is really good first step.